========================
PbxBot Version Update
========================

+-------------------------+
|      Version - 1.0      |
+-------------------------+

Changelog 📃 :
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* Fixed heroku deploy problem.
* Due to heroku account suspension issue removed 3 plugins. ``memify.py, imgmemes.py, img_edits.py``. 
* Added Multi-Clients. Now you can use 5 userbots by deploying one app in heroku.
* Changes whole base of PbxBot. Now it's faster, smoother and supports 5 telegram account in one deploy.
* To use 5 accounts you need to fill up Heroku vars. ``STRING_2``, ``STRING_3``, ``STRING_4``, ``STRING_5``. Default string ``PBXBOT_SESSION`` acts as first client. 
* Note that it's not mandatory to fill all 5 variables. If you want single client then fillup ``PBXBOT_SESSION`` only. And if you want 2 clients then fill up ``STRING_2`` along with ``PBXBOT_SESSION``. 
* You'll have to add your another clients to same logger, pm_logger, tag_logger channel to work properly.
* Fixed every other issues that you all mentioned earlier.
* Fixed alive image and help image too.
* And many more changes. 
* If you face any bugs kindly report it to me. It'll help providing better updates in future.
* Due to heroku suspension issue, do not give ``.update`` ``.update now`` ``.update build`` commands.


+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|I'm looking for a good Alive template. If you wanna contribute it'll be a huge help. Credits will be given to respective designers. Please don't come up with any old/other userbot design. |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+


Report Bugs and Suggestions in comments of `this post <https://t.me/ll_THE_BAD_BOT_ll>`_
=====================================================================================

:Regards: `@II_BAD_BBY_II <https://t.me/II_BAD_BBY_II>`_
